{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15940\viewh11160\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 hi this is jace on keyboard. i want to thank zorro2 for including my two old screens in this new no-extra compil.\
these two old screens are not the final ones, coz i've lost the source code due to disk fails. some infos about the fuzion intro.\
this little piece of code was supposed to include a swinging game selector in the fourth plane, and still got\
about 20 percent cpu left (the scrolltext nops) for this. it has never been used just because we (st knights members) moved to hemoroids as\
soon as we entered fuzion! dragon of fuzion told us to join his crew to make a big megademo with some\
of their members (kelvin and kasar ...). but these two guys left fuzion to create a true demo crew called -positivity-\
so we became were the only demo coding oriented members, the rest of the crew was game activities. finally, after a few month, we decided to move to hemoroids. some parts of the fusion megademo became nrj for you, some other the colorz demo. but the nrj soundemo was supposed to be released by fuzion. we never seen it produced. in 1996, i decided to make it back to life.\
let's talk now about the ste demo. this demo was made for the phaleon gigademo. i decided to borrow aldyn's ste for a week to make something different. after two or three days of hard code, i've sent a preview to mit of next (without the final logo and sound). then i phoned to hear what he thought about it. he tolds me this was a pure shit, even with the logo and soundtrack music added. as dieu of st knights was one of the best gfx on st, i thought my code was too poor\'85 so i didn't finish it and never released it. but after seeing the phaleon, i came angry and i understand why he refused our production. he wanted no one else to make a ste demo. there only could be one! his one\'85 so mit, fuck off!!! \
okay after this parts of history\'85 here are some greets: hi to all my friends around on atari st\'85 no-extra, had, dune, sector one, dhs, oxygene, mjj prods, orb, checkpoint, mystics bytes, tscc, popsy, paradox, bomb, trsi,triple a, dbfinterractive.com friends and all that i have forgotten!\
}